[Doc] Add CheckpointMetadata tags in PROTOCOL.md (#6982)
delta-io/delta: PROTOCOL.md

version|`Long`|The checkpoint version.| required
tags|`Map[String, String]`|Map containing any additional metadata about the v2 spec checkpoint.| optional

> ##### Well-Known Checkpoint Metadata Tags

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Checkpoint Metadata Tags
```

Author: Applied — heading is now "Checkpoint Metadata Tags".

> The following tag keys are well-known and may be present in the `tags` map. All are optional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following tag keys may be present in the `tags` map. All are optional, so there is no requirement for writers to produce these and readers cannot assume their presence.
```

Author: Applied your suggested wording.

> 

Reviewer: what does well know mean? well know by whom?

Author: Done

Tag Key | Value Type | Description
-|-|-
sidecarNumActions|`String` (parseable as `Long`)|The total number of actions stored across all [sidecar files](#sidecar-files) in this checkpoint.

> sidecarSizeInBytes|`String` (parseable as `Long`)|The total size in bytes across all [sidecar files](#sidecar-files) in this checkpoint.

Reviewer 2: `sidecarNumActions` and `sidecarSizeInBytes` are the number of actions and size only in the sidecar files, excluding the checkpoint file?

Reviewer 3: Yes. Anyone who has the tags already read the checkpoint manifest and so they already know how many file actions the manifest contains as well.
